Add BN and QAT Restructrure news post (#2162)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2019-05-01-bn-and-qat-restructure.md

BN applications will still work roughly the same as last time, where you are required to pass an activity check and to complete a test on the [Ranking Criteria](https://osu.ppy.sh/help/wiki/Ranking_Criteria) to complete your application. Additionally, there will be a 90 day cooldown for submitting applications once you submit. The results of your application should be sent out as soon as they are processed, however, we expect a larger influx of applications during the initial weeks. Check out [the website](http://bn.mappersguild.com/) to submit an application to join the BN!

As osu! is a community driven game, these changes were made to give members of the community more control over what reaches the ranked section. We expect to see improvements in the way beatmap quality is managed, particularly with controversial maps, where the outcome will be more in line with the desires of the community.

> With these changes, we unfortunately have had to say farewell to [Fycho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1876867), [Gabe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/654108), [Hobbes2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8157492), [Kuron-kun](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2697284), [Lanturn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1446665), [p3n](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/123703), [Regraz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3076909), [Raiden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2239480), [JBHyperion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4879508), [Protastic101](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6712747), [-Kazu-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861), and [Noffy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1541323), who will not be joining the NAT. Nonetheless, we greatly appreciate their time in the QAT and thank them all for their hard work up until now.

Reviewer: feel like the "we unfortunately have had to say farewell" bit sounds a little pretentious because you're pretending that it wasn't your own decision. it also makes it sound like this is a negative change. make it direct instead
```suggestion
With these changes, the following members of the QAT will not be joining the NAT: [Fycho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1876867), [Gabe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/654108), [Hobbes2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8157492), [Kuron-kun](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2697284), [Lanturn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1446665), [p3n](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/123703), [Regraz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3076909), [Raiden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2239480), [JBHyperion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4879508), [Protastic101](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6712747), [-Kazu-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861), and [Noffy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1541323). We greatly appreciate their time in the QAT and thank them all for their hard work up until now. Most of them will still be active as BNs or GMT.
```

Author: This kinda makes it sound impersonal, which I feel also has that sort of "pretentious" connotation.

Reviewer: is it supposed to be personal? (maybe I'm not understanding what you mean by that)

Author: What I don't want is for us to come off as heartless robots, essentially.

Reviewer: rereading my suggestion a few times I'm still not getting that impression, but in any case the current line should probably change so can you write your own alternative if mine is no good

Author: Tried thinking of an alternative way to write things and yeah, yours is pretty much the best way to go about it.
```suggestion
With these changes, the following members of the QAT will not be joining the NAT: [Fycho](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1876867), [Gabe](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/654108), [Hobbes2](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/8157492), [Kuron-kun](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2697284), [Lanturn](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1446665), [p3n](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/123703), [Regraz](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/3076909), [Raiden](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2239480), [JBHyperion](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4879508), [Protastic101](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6712747), [-Kazu-](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/920861), and [Noffy](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/1541323). Nonetheless, we greatly appreciate their time in the QAT and thank them all for their hard work up until now. Most of them will still be active as BNs or GMT.
```

> On a more uplifting note, please welcome [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) to the NAT, who will be focusing their efforts on the affairs of the osu!catch nominators!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the other hand, please welcome [Ascendance](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/2931883) to the NAT, who will be focusing their efforts on the affairs of the osu!catch nominators!
```
paired with my other suggestion to remove the negative-positive connotation

title: "BN and QAT Restructure"
date: 2019-05-01 10:00:00 +0000
---

Changes to the ranking process are nigh! With recent discussions about [changes to the Quality Assurance Team and Beatmap Nominators](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/862002), we are proud to present to you the following changes.

![](/wiki/shared/news/banners/beatmap-management.jpg)

+ The QAT is gone and has been replaced by the new [Nominator Administration Team](https://osu.ppy.sh/groups/7) (NAT). This will be a smaller, highly focused group whose name should be more representative of their responsibilities.
+ The Beatmap Nominators (BN) are responsible for disqualifying beatmaps and mediating vetoes from now on, in addition to their task of pushing beatmaps towards the ranked category.
+ Beatmaps that have been vetoed will be mediated by a random jury made up of members of the BN and NAT. This change should make quality assurance decisions more accessible to the general community.
+ The Global Moderation Team (GMT) will now handle beatmap moderation, and as such will also have access to the disqualify button. The GMT will only disqualify beatmaps in cases where they contain inappropriate content.

> + A new usergroup has been added for probationary Beatmap Nominators, while the current usergroup of BNs will have access to the disqualify button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ A new usergroup has been added for probationary Beatmap Nominators.
```
reason for removing the second part is that you already said so a few points before. you may also want to add how this new usergroup will differ from regular BNs, since you're mentioning it
